Add docs contributor's guide and docs template (#4168)
Napari/napari: docs/developers/documentation/docs_template.md

---
jupytext:

>   formats: ipynb,md:myst

Reviewer: Can we just do `md:myst`? That has worked for me locally before, I love it, leaves the file system clean.

```suggestion
  formats: md:myst
```

Author: I've updated this - I'm not sure what it changes though tbh 😆 . This front matter was generated when I paired with jupytext and I just left it as is...

  text_representation:
    extension: .md
    format_name: myst
    format_version: 0.13
    jupytext_version: 1.10.3
kernelspec:
  display_name: Python 3 (ipykernel)
  language: python
  name: python3
theme:

>   intro: Template for adding new napari documentation

Reviewer: Yeah what's the dealio with this entry? Haven't seen it before.

Author: So this initially was added to the theme to show up as the text for link previews e.g. on twitter or facebook. It's not currently being used anywhere so I will remove for now and we can revisit.

Note that wherever possible, auto-generated screenshots are *greatly* prefered to static images.

#### 1. Use `nbscreenshot` for screenshots of the viewer

This utility allows you to pass an active Viewer as a parameter and produces a screenshot of the Viewer at that 
point in time. This screenshot will be displayed to the user in the notebook.

```{code-cell} ipython3
import napari
from napari.utils import nbscreenshot

viewer = napari.Viewer()
# opens sample data and adds layer to the Viewer
viewer.open_sample('napari', 'cells3d')

# takes a screenshot and produces it as output for this cell
nbscreenshot(viewer)
```

#### 2. Hide input cells

As you can see, it's simple to produce screenshots of the napari Viewer in your notebooks. However, if you look through napari's
existing documentation, none of the code cells include calls to `nbscreenshot`, yet the screenshots are still produced. In fact,
it would be distracting if all the code cells included `nbscreenshot`, and might be frustrating for users who
want to execute these notebooks in their own workflows.

> To avoid this frustration, we place calls to `nbscreenshot` in a hidden cell in your notebooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid this frustration, we place calls to `nbscreenshot` in a removed cell in our notebooks.
```

Note that sphinx has different concepts for "hidden cells" and "removed cells", with the former still being expandable in the final page. So let's try to be completely unambiguous here.

You can completely remove input (i.e. the code that's running) in a notebook cell by adding a `remove-input` tag to the cell metadata.

How you add cell tags depends on how you're editing your notebook. 

1. If you're working in Jupyter notebook,
you can open up the Tags toolbar for your cell using `View -> Cell Toolbar -> Tags`. A toolbar
will be added to the top right of your cell. You can then add any tags you want
(e.g. `remove-input`) by typing into the text entry box of the toolbar and clicking `Add Tag`. 

2. If you're editing a MyST Markdown file directly, you can add tags to your code blocks like so:

```

>     ```{code-cell}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```{code-cell} ipython3
```

    :tags: [remove-input]

    print("Your code here")
    ```
```

> #### What to put in hidden cells

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### What to put in removed cells
```

Alongside your call to `nbscreenshot`, you can also place other potentially distracting code in these tagged cells, 
such as resizing the Viewer window or opening a menu. In general, if you're running code the reader isn't meant to run,

> this should be in a hidden cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this should be in a removed cell.
```

> The screenshot below is produced by the following code, which has been hidden from you using the `remove-input` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The screenshot below is produced by the following code, but the code that ran was removed from this page using the `remove-input` tag.
```

```python
from napari.utils import nbscreenshot

viewer.window._qt_window.resize(750, 550)
viewer.dims.current_step = (25, 0, 1)
nbscreenshot(viewer)
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
:tags: [remove-input]

from napari.utils import nbscreenshot

viewer.window._qt_window.resize(750, 550)
viewer.dims.current_step = (25, 0, 1)
nbscreenshot(viewer)
```

> Note how we've included the `nbscreenshot` import in this hidden cell. Even though in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note how we've included the `nbscreenshot` import in the removed cell. Even though in the
```

example above we imported `nbscreenshot` to show its functionality, you should place the

> import in a hidden cell when you write your documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import in a removed cell when you write your documentation.
```

Here are some examples of settings you might want to use in a hidden input cell to make your screenshot look pretty:
- window resizing (as above)
- [toggling visible layers](https://napari.org/api/stable/napari.layers.Layer.html#napari.layers.Layer.visible)
- [setting the slider position to a particular slice](https://napari.org/api/stable/napari.components.Dims.html#napari.components.Dims.current_step)
- [adjusting contrast limits](https://napari.org/api/stable/napari.layers.Image.html#napari.layers.Image.contrast_limits)
- [switching between 2D and 3D](https://napari.org/api/stable/napari.components.Dims.html#napari.components.Dims.ndisplay)
- switching to grid mode - use `viewer.grid.enabled = True` to enable grid mode

> - [setting the camera zoom](https://napari.org/api/stable/napari.components.Camera.html#napari.components.Camera.zoom)

Reviewer: Setting the camera zoom or angle?

Also, these should point to targets in the API rather than hardcoded URLs. I *think* this can be done with `[switching between 2D and 3D](napari.components.Dims.ndisplay)`.

## Check that your notebook runs

If your guide contains any code the user is expected to run, make sure that the notebook can be executed from start to finish without requiring any data or packages that you haven't listed in the prerequisites.

## Use the Google developer's style guide

> This [style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/) should answer all your questions about when to italicise and when to bold, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Google writing style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/) should answer all your questions about when to italicise and when to bold, which
```
